week 13 progress report - Outreachy internship with Mixxx (#214)
mixxxdj/website: content/news/2021-03-01-week-13-progress.md

title: "About my Outreachy internship with Mixxx DJ: Week 13 progress"
authors: Aanyu Deborah Oduman
tags: personal, outreachy, internship, manual
date: 2021-03-01 19:33:00

_This is the thirteeth weekly progress report of my Outreachy internship with Mixxx DJ._

This week:

- Following last week’s progress, I finished making the edits to the video, and now, I’m only waiting to get feedback before I add in any animations or effects. I hope to upload it this week (since I’m writing this blog in the next week). 🤞🏽
- I have been working on [issue #117](https://github.com/mixxxdj/manual/issues/117) – updating the screenshots of the [2.3 manual](https://manual.mixxx.org/2.3/en/index.html) from the Deere to Latenight skin. I hope to make a PR this week.

> And… this is the last week of the Outreachy internship program. This week’s blog is not as long as the previous ones because I have not documented what I will be doing next week. This is because I have not planned out all of the details yet, but of course, I will be making improvements to the manual – next week I will be updating the screenshots in the 2.3 manual from the Deere to the Latenight skin. I hope to check this item off the checklist in this [issue](https://github.com/mixxxdj/manual/issues/117). And then, of course, I will continue making tutorials for the [Mixxx Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADh_svLuU7g&feature=youtu.be) and working on the cookbook/ DJing techniques chapter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
And… this is the last week of the Outreachy internship program. This week’s blog is not as long as the previous ones because I have not documented what I will be doing next week. This is because I have not planned out all of the details yet, but of course, I will be making improvements to the manual – next week I will be updating the screenshots in the 2.3 manual from the Deere to the Latenight skin. I hope to check this item off the checklist in this [issue](https://github.com/mixxxdj/manual/issues/117). And then, of course, I will continue making tutorials for the [Mixxx Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1t9_tylS7XPBIJIpXhXQmQ) and working on the cookbook/ DJing techniques chapter.
```

This has been a great experience interacting and getting to know the Mixxx community virtually.
Overall, I would say my internship has been a success because I was able to gain practical skills, work in a fantastic environment that is really inclusive, and make connections that will last a lifetime.
I could not be more thankful.

> This is NOT goodbye, because I am still going to continue contributing to Mixxx, and endeavor to finish the projects that I started.

Reviewer: Great :+1:

> That is, I will still be making tutorials for the [Mixxx YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADh_svLuU7g), working on the DJing techniques/cookbook project, and making other improvements to the manual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is, I will still be making tutorials for the [Mixxx YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1t9_tylS7XPBIJIpXhXQmQ), working on the DJing techniques/cookbook project, and making other improvements to the manual.
```

> That is, I will still be making tutorials for the [Mixxx YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADh_svLuU7g&feature=youtu.be), working on the DJing techniques/ cookbook project, and making other improvements to the manual.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
That is, I will still be making tutorials for the [Mixxx YouTube channel](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ADh_svLuU7g), working on the DJing techniques/cookbook project, and making other improvements to the manual.
```
